Docs memo edit session1 (#498)
PECE-project/drupal-pece: src/docs/source/docs/memo.md

Memo
=====================

> Steps to Create an Memo

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Steps to Create a Memo
```

    ![](media/memo_1.png)

2. You should now see the "Add content" page.

    ![](media/memo_2.png)

    As you scroll down the page, you can find thumbnails 
    for creating different forms of new content. Each is organised under a category. "Memo" can be found under the category "Analyze". "Memo" is one of the type of content. A memo is a first draft of a piece of writing, meant to synthesize ideas generated throughout data analysis. Upon publishing a memo, that memo is opened for comments from the platform's community.

    ![](media/memo_3.png)

3. To create a memo, click on the "Memo" thumbnail. 

    ![](media/memo_4.png)

4. This takes you to the "Create Memo" page. You should now have access to all of the fields you need to fill out in order to create a new memo. First, type the title of your memo in the “Title” field.

5. Type your memo into the "Body" field.
    To provide a summary of your memo, click the "Edit summary" link next to "Body".

6. Next are two tabs: "Permissions, Authorship, and Groups" and "Contribution Metadata". The "Permissions, Authorship, and Groups" should be automatically opened. 

>     In the "Edit Permissions and Authorship" section, you should be automatically added as a contributor as your username. If there are any other contributors, add them by typing the first few letters of their name into the field. Their screen name should pop up. Select their name. To add more than one contributor other than yourself, click the "Add another item" button and repeat the same process.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    In the "Edit Permissions and Authorship" section, you should be automatically added as a contributor as your username. Listed contributors have the ability to edit the content, and are also credited as content contributors when the content is published. If there are any other contributors, add them by typing the first few letters of their name into the field. Their screen name should pop up. Select their name. To add more than one contributor other than yourself, click the "Add another item" button and repeat the same process.
```

> 7. Next, in the "View Permissions and Groups", toggle the "Everyone can view this content" on or off to determine who can view the content.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
7. Next, in the "View Permissions and Groups", you will come across the "Everyone can view this content" toggle. By default, the toggle will be set to on, meaning everyone on the Web can view the content. If you want to restrict access to the content, turn this off. 
```

>     If you choose on, complete the "Group association and view access" by adding groups by typing in its name into the field. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    If you choose to leave the toggle on, you can still associate the content with a particular group. To do so, complete the "Group association and view access." You can select a group with which to associate the content by typing in its name into the field. 
```

>     If you choose off, add the people who have access to this memo by adding typing in their screen name and clicking it. Continue to completing the "Group association and view access" field just as instructed above.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    If you choose to restrict access to the content, you can designate specific people or groups that will have view access. Add the people who should have view access to this memo by typing their screen name into the "People with view access" field. Add groups whose members should have view access to this memo by typing the group name into the "Group association and view access" field. **Note that if you give a group view access, it will also associate the content with that group. This means the content will appear on the group's page.**
```

8. Next, click on the "Contribution Metadata" tab.

> 9. Complete the "License" field by selecting a license from the drop down menu. This indicates how the content should be licensed.

Reviewer: Can you add the link to the license options from the help text here?

10. Next, add optional keyword tags to your memo. Type in a keyword into the search bar to tag to your memo. Select it from the list that pops up. You can add several keyword tags by clicking the "Add another item" button and repeating the above instructions.

> 

Reviewer: I think everything below can be cut
